Don't you know that other sects in the martial arts world have been destroyed?
Do you want to step into their future?
The cult leader finally said so.
Now the grass on the grave is 3 meters long.
Boss, what exactly do you mean?
Give you two paths
The first.
I will represent you to send the delegation to participate in the Martial Saint Convention.
Get you first
Let you be the leader
Second thing: From now on there is no more freedom in the world.
I disagree anymore.
What about the first path?
You have nothing to lose.
Can also get benefits
What about the second one?
You don't need to worry about anything.
If others know that I cooperate with your great devil
So how can we handle it ourselves?
What your fist says makes sense.
You are the lord now.
Also need to see other people's faces.
So what is your purpose?
Revenge, when I joined the masked cult, I wanted to kill them all.
But...
I want to test your strength.
We have a mirror called the Xuan Tian Mirror.
The stronger the internal force, the brighter the mirror.
Okay, then I will try to help the leader.
No, it has to be him.
How?
The reverse wire has no internal force.
You can't be fake right?
Okay, since you want to test me.
So I'll show you.
There is also a difference in power between us.